Nb walkthrough reformat (#20)
R4EPI/R4EPIs-website: content/training/R_Basics/RMarkdown_Orientation.Rmd

#### Code chunks

While the RMarkdown may at first look like a wall of code, notice how "chunks" of code are differentiated by their color:  

* **In chunks with WHITE background, code text will appear as text in the document.** These lines can have *italics*, **bold**, or other formating, and can display parameters derived from your data (such as epi week of outbreak peak, as in the example above).  

* **In chunks with GRAY background, RMarkdown is running R commands.** The commands perform data processing and cleaning steps, or could produce visual outputs in the document.  

> * **Text that appears GREEN in the RMarkdown will not appear in the final report**. These sections, placed between special characters such as arrows (< >), serve as instructions for you.  

Reviewer: a bit pedantic, but it's specifically the `<!--` and `-->` that creates the html comment, not just the angle brackets.

```suggestion
* **Text that appears GREEN in the RMarkdown will not appear in the final report**. These sections, placed between special arrows (known as html comment tags, `<!-- -->`), serve as instructions for you.  
```

> ```{r eval=FALSE}

Reviewer: No need to make this an R chunk. It can be a normal markdown chunk

````suggestion
```
````
